build command for container image build (#95)
instana/observability-as-code: tools/integration/README.md

# The Instana CLI for Integration Package Management

> The Instana CLI for Integration Package Management is used to manage the lifecycle of Instana integration packages. For example, you can use this CLI to download integration packages from public websites to your local machine, then install the packages into an existing Instana environment, or build custom collector Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Instana CLI for Integration Package Management is used to manage the lifecycle of Instana integration packages. For example, you can use this CLI to download integration packages from public websites to your local machine, then install the packages into an existing Instana environment, or build custom collector as container images.
```

## Requirements

### For Binary Users
- No Node.js installation required. The binary includes an embedded Node.js 18 runtime.

### For Developers
- Node.js 18 or higher is required when running from source code.

### For Building Collectors

- Docker or Podman must be installed and running on your system.
- The CLI automatically detects which container runtime is available.

> - Required for the `build` command to create collector Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Required for the `build` command to create collector container images.
```
